The table was perfect. Set for tea with delicate china and polished silver, it only needed guests. But no one arrived for the party. Eve sat down. This had been her daughter's idea, which was a surprising request not because Audrey was turning seventeen, but because she hadn't wanted a party for the last five years. But Audrey had helped plan it, shopped for a new dress, and handed out the invitations to girls Eve had never met. New friends, Audrey told her. Audrey sat down next to her, that mane of brassy hair falling forward and hiding her fair face. "Where is everyone?" Eve asked. Audrey tossed her hair back and exhaled a rush of air through her lips. She started to reach for a sugar cube. "No more," Eve said. "You've already had five. Have a finger sandwich." Audrey picked up a book of matches and then brightened. "I can make flowers bloom orange," she said. She held the book and match too close to her face. "No, wait. Let me," Eve said. Eve struck the match and touched it to the wicks of each small candle. "Was something else going on this afternoon?" Eve asked. "Something at the school? Was someone else having a party?" Audrey pressed her eyes into the V of her elbow and rested her head on the table. She wasn't like other girls her age. She never had been. She was very imaginative. That was all. She was highly sensitive. Some wanted to label her; autistic, Asperger's. But she didn't really fit the profile. It wasn't clinical, it wasn't all the time. Audrey could get dressed, go to school, and pass her classes. She just didn't socialize, except with Eve. A few times a year, when Audrey was particularly difficult, Carl would insist Eve schedule an appointment with a therapist, a specialist, a hypnotist. At first, Eve agreed. She interviewed two counselors and three doctors but none of them were right for Audrey. They'd frighten her with their beards or glasses or cold questions. Each time Carl brought it up again, Eve would agree and then forget, or she'd agree and things with Audrey would get better all by themselves. Most of the time, she was fine. Things could be worse. Teenagers could be far more difficult than this. She didn't smoke or drink or cut herself. She didn't hang out with a bad crowd. She just didn't hang out with any crowd. Audrey scooted her chair closer to Eve as if the bond between them had pulled her over. Their bodies were almost the same size, Audrey's having somehow become adult despite her childlike demeanor. She rested her head on Eve's shoulder. That warmth, that desire to be near dissolved Eve's frustration. When Audrey reached her arms around Eve's neck and kissed her, Eve wanted nothing else except to put her arms around her daughter, too. There was no other bond like this. With anyone.